---
layout: post
title: "Fangirl"
date: "2016-06-22 14:19:51 -0400"
author: Olivia
catagory: Review
bookTitle: Fangirl
bookPages: 445
bookAuthor: Rainbow Rowell
bookPublisher: St. Martin's Press
bookReleaseDate: September 2013
bookGrade: 4
bookImg: \assets\Bookcovers\fangirl.jpg
bookPlot: For Cath, being a fan is her life—and she’s really good at it. She and her twin sister, Wren, ensconced themselves in the Simon Snow series when they were just kids. Reading. Rereading. Hanging out in Simon Snow forums, writing Simon Snow fan fiction, dressing up like the characters for every movie premiere. Now that they’re going to college, Wren has told Cath she doesn’t want to be roommates. Can she make it without Wren holding her hand? Is she ready to start living her own life? Writing her own stories? And does she even want to move on if it means leaving Simon Snow behind?<br> <sup>Adapted from &#58; GoodReads</sup>
---
I am a fangirl.

When I was 11 years old, I discovered the Harry Potter discussion boards and it was all downhill from there. Fanfiction, RP&#42;, making graphics for my favourite OTPs: I was hooked and I was hooked hard. The list of fandoms that I was into only grew as my friend list did, mostly because we would constantly be sending each other recs. So when I found out that this book existed, I knew that I *had* to read it.

<!--more-->

## What makes this book so good?

I'm glad you asked. I think what made this book so great is simply how relatable it is. The fandom in the story (Simon Snow) is basically Harry Potter (though Harry Potter is mentioned in the book at one point, there is no fooling us. Simon is Harry, and Baz is Draco), so already there is a very easy entry point to people who are part of that fandom. It also introduces the world of FanFiction (FF) (I talk about this in my ramble here LINK).





<sup>&#42;For those who don’t know, RP stands for Role Play. In this context, it is when 2 or more people write scenes together online. Each writer is responsible for at least 1 character, and the idea is that the scene is built together, but you never know where your writing partner is going to go with it. Writers will often plot the general outline of where it’s going, but everything in between is in the moment and spontaneous. Though I personally find that RP isn’t as popular as it once was, you can still find groups on the internet. Tumblr still has a decently large community for it.</sup>
